Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Fresh out of the oven.
- I'll help her eat this.
- All right. No! Hey!
- Zach! I...
- I'll get the lemonade.
- Listen, go... Can we have some cups?
- I got some. Here you go.
- Four of them. Four. Yeah!
- Four?
It's gonna fall. This is heavy.
Okay, okay. Ready?
- One.
- Okay. Ready?
- Over here.
- Thank you.
- That's done.
- It's done!
Oh, that looks good. Right there.
Oh, this looks great!
- Here you are! Yup.
- Oh, thank you, sir.
- That looks good.
- Careful.
It is good.
- Oh, you guys, this is great!
- It's sort of...
All right!
Good!
Attention! A toast.
- Welcome home, Frank.
- Welcome home!
- Welcome home, Dad.
- Thank you. All right, buddy.
It's good to be here.
- Hey!
- Oh, boy.
Daddy, look!
Hey, look at you.
Oh!
Oh, my God!
This one has my name on it.
- I'm gonna grab that, all right?
- Yeah.
Guys, guys, wait up! Wait up, wait, wait.
No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Hey!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, just wait!
Just wait!
No!
I always figured I'd die
in these woods anyway.
I'm gonna get you
off this mountain.
Bury me, man.
Just bury me.
Promise me you'll bury me, okay?
You stay here. I'll be back.
I'm coming back, Gunner.
You stay here. I'm coming back, Gunner.
Frank's dying.
- Blood pressure's 90 over 60.
- That's low.
Does he need blood?
I'm a universal donor.
Blood's not the problem.
His temperature is 104. He's septic.
I've been giving him fluids
and antibiotics.
None of that's gonna do any good
until we get that arrow out of him.
It's a foreign object filled
with bacteria.
The body's trying to fight it
but can't, so...
white blood cells, fever,
systemic inflammation...
- Right.
- Antibiotics are fighting a losing battle.
So you're gonna, uh, pull it out?
If I pull it straight out, then it's gonna
cause more damage than it went in.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Okay, good. 'Cause you're gonna
have to help me hold him still.
- Yeah, like now, yeah.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Right, on three. One, two...
Two. Three.
- Okay, I got it.
- There you go. Good.
Hold that. Keep the pressure on.
The only way out is through.
- Jesus!
- Hey!
Stay with me. Do not lose your shit.
You understand me?
- Say it. Say it!
- I will not lose my shit. I'm good.
Oh, wow!
Okay. We got it.
Got it.
- Here, hold this. Keep the pressure on.
- Oh, fuck!
Can you just go...
get it again for...
Ah, wow.
- One, two... three.
- Okay.
- So we done?
- Yup.
- Good.
- All we gotta do is cauterize the wound.
Fuck.
Here.
Now we done?
You want some coffee?
Why'd you have to go after him?
Uh, Henderson had some information
we needed.
I'm talking about Frank.
Hmm?
Look at the state of him.
This is all your fault, man.
Do you think any of this
is gonna make any difference?
Look...
I have to believe that. I mean...
Yeah, for you.
But what about him?
God! Two nights in a row.
You can't blame the alcohol this time.
You're not getting a key or anything.
So, I know I'm supposed to ignore
what I'm looking at here.
Boundaries or...
rules of engagement
for whatever this is, but...
What the hell is this, Dinah?
It's work.
You know... I must be a real idiot...
because it is only just now
occurring to me that you might be...
using me.
What are you not telling me here?
I'm a Homeland Security Investigator,
Billy.
There's a lot I'm not telling you.
Why are you so intent on pissing
on the memory of a dead man?
That's not what this is.
Why don't you put your pants on?
You look kinda stupid right now.
You know, some people are good liars.
They don't blink an eye.
Others, not so much.
You... you're bad at it.
So I'm guessing that you just get mean
in order to avoid doing it.
I'm not lying,
I'm just not telling you anything.
About something.
No, something...
something about my friend, Frank.
You know that they never found his body?
Is that in...
in your file?
Yeah. It is.
Hmm.
I always wondered about that.
Gotta go to work.
Oh, shit.
Gunner!
- Hey!
- What if he's still out there?
- Hey! Frank. Shh.
- I gotta get... I gotta get him.
Relax. You gotta lay down.
- Lay down.
- He's out there.
You gotta lay down. Listen.
Hey, Gunner's dead.
- I did... I left him.
- Sorry.
I gotta go back for him.
- Gotta go back for him.
- I took care of it.
- What do you mean? What do you mean?
He's gonna get a proper burial.
Get some rest.
Thank you.
I didn't get a thank you.
I got the finger.
I got spit on.
But...
the vice president
pinned a silver star on me.
Is that why you served? For gratitude?
April, 1968.
About 20 miles west of Tam Ky.
I killed 13 of those gooks
with their own grenades.
"For gallantry in action."
You guys have no idea
how good you got it.
"Thank you for your service."
Anybody who needs a "thank you"
is a goddamn pussy.
We don't need it,
you miserable old bastard.
Maybe we earned it?
Why'd you fight, O'Connor?
What drove you that day,
and all the days after?
Just doing my duty.
Then why are you so angry about it?
You did what you were supposed to do,
right?
As we all did.
So why come here?
I figure these guys
need to hear an alternative.
They already got mommy holding their hand.
Daddy's here to toughen 'em up.
Send 'em back out there.
Out into the real world.
A world that does not give a shit
about us.
Where real Americans are put
at the back of every goddamn line.
Where's Lewis? Have you seen him?
He's a bright kid. He saw the light.
He knows the truth when he hears it.
He knows words
aren't gonna win this fight.
There is no winning the fight.
When I trained as a corpsman,
they gave me a goat.
I named my goat Cassius,
because he was a G.O.A.T., right?
You know what they did to that goat?
They blew him up.
They cut him.
Gave him simulated IED injuries.
And then they tell you to go out there
and save his life.
Because that's how we learned.
Over and over again.
What sort of life is that?
You know, you...
you go through all this shit
just to get patched up
and go do it all over again.
If you stay in the game long enough,
you're gonna get got.
How are we any different from that goat?
Aren't you supposed to tell us that?
I'm all out of answers, man.
What happened? To Cassius?
He died, eventually.
He died of, uh...
of just too much.
Mmm. How was your math test?
105 with the bonus question.
Oh, my God!
Well, then, you know what? Maybe...
maybe you can take the night off, huh?
Where's your brother?
He's outside on his skateboard.
Zach!
- Zach!
- Mom!
No, it's all right.
Burgers again?
Where'd you get that skateboard?
From Dinesh. I'm borrowing it.
You're lying right to my face.
I know that you stole that skateboard.
Hey! Hey!
Dinesh's mother called me.
I didn't believe her until I saw it
with my own eyes.
Hey, stop it! Are you a bully now?
Is that what this is?
This family's full of snitches
and traitors.
If she didn't narc on me today,
she'll do it tomorrow.
That's, like, what we do here!
One of the guys
on your list turned up. Gunner Henderson.
- Where is he?
- Dead.
On a mountain in Kentucky.
Close the door.
Are we going to Kentucky?
You could've said,
"Good news, bad news, Dinah."
- I guess I could have.
- Can I speak to the sheriff?
This is Homeland Security. It's urgent.
- Thanks.
- We're going to Kentucky.
Thanks.
Blackbird to Raven, come in.
Raven! Blackbird, come in!
Where's that coming from?
Come in, Raven. Raven, this is...
Come in, Raven. Blackbird.
Come in, Raven. Raven, this is Black...
- Sounds like a recording.
- Blackbird calling Bower team.
Repeating across all frequencies.
Come in, Raven. Raven, this is Blackbird.
Blackbird to Raven.
Blackbird calling Bower team.
I've been monitoring radio chatter.
Raven, this is Blackbird.
Just in case we hear something about us
or one of our targets.
Mostly it's just been random shit,
you know, dead air.
Come in, Raven.
- You know what this is?
- Yeah.
I'm Raven.
Raven, this is Blackbird.
You out there, Frankie?
Who is that?
It's Billy Russo. We served together.
He's a friend.
Blackbird to Raven. Blackbird.
- Does, uh...
- Blackbird to Raven.
- Does he know you're alive?
- Nah. I don't think so.
- Come in, Raven.
- You see, that sounds to me like he does.
Frank... do we need to worry about this?
I just told you he's my friend.
Didn't I just say that?
What kind of friend?
The life or death kind. That's what kind.
That's all I get? Come on, Frank,
this is a serious development here.
All right? Some guy,
I never heard of him,
all of a sudden he's broadcasting
your name all over the radio.
- What did I just say to you?
- Blackbird to Raven, come in?
Why is he calling you now?
Come in, Raven. Raven, this is Blackbird.
I don't know.
Cold today.
That's good.
Wakes people up.
Uh, ma'am, join with us to reaffirm
your God-given Second Amendment rights.
Oh, I'm good, thanks.
Every day they lose more of their liberty.
It's being chipped away,
in that building, right now...
and they don't even know it.
This a protest? You have a permit?
No, we're not protesting.
We are handing out literature
which is free, and 100% allowed by law.
There's a guy on trial in there.
A good man, a teacher,
- who carried his gun into the classroom...
- Okay, so you are protesting.
- What can we do for you, officer?
- You can go home. Take this.
Respectfully, sir, you have, um,
no right to ask us to move.
A permit is required if amplification
is involved in any gathering or protest.
No mic, no speaker, no permit needed.
We have no vehicles.
We're fewer than 20 people.
We're not blocking the sidewalk
or the entrance of a building.
This is a city courthouse.
You wanna hang out here?
I'm your permit, son.
And today is not the day. Go home.
Come on, let's, uh,
get a cup of coffee, huh?
Sir, please mark that in this encounter
I have done absolutely nothing
against the law.
I've been 100% respectful.
What you are doing, however,
is making up the rules as you go,
not enforcing them.
I pay your salary...
We... We all pay your salary.
So protect and serve.
Just do as I tell you, huh?
- Just let it go.
- Now...
that is not how this country works.
Did you just reach for my gun?
No, sir, I did not.
I just saw you reach for my gun.
I didn't, and I have a witness.
Come on!
So Henderson takes a bullet to the hand,
one through the chest.
Bleeds out, right here.
Someone took the trouble
to call the local cops
and tell them where the body was.
Someone wanted him to be found.
Someone was up here with him.
Bleeding hard, too. They went that way.
What are you thinking?
There was a serious firefight here.
A well-armed team showed up
and got their asses kicked.
Yeah, well...
I guess that's what happens
when you go after a Special Forces soldier
on his own turf.
Two.
- I don't follow.
- Gunner and whoever walked away.
Gunner and his buddy kill
the assault team, but Gunner's been hit.
And so his buddy
starts taking him down the hill.
But they only get this far.
Gunner is dying...
so the other guy tries to go and get help.
No record of anyone turning up
at local hospitals with gunshot wounds.
But then he calls the cops
because he wants Gunner to be found.
- Marines never leave a man behind.
- And you think Castle was the other guy.
Run that blood against his DNA.
- Triple fast and quiet.
- You got it.
Let 'em in. We're done here.
What do you want,
turkey and gravy or Salisbury steak?
Turkey. Look at that.
At Thanksgiving, your house...
do you cook or is that your wife?
No, we go half and half.
I'm on the turkey.
Sarah does all the sides.
Stuffing, twice-baked potato. Amazing.
I mean,
we always have a lot of people...
extended family, you know, friends,
and we were just, like, 50-50.
We make...
We made a good team.
Maria always cooked.
Yeah, it was...
You know, it was old-school.
- Turkey, all that, but...
- Mmm.
There was always ziti.
Yeah. Meatballs, sauce.
Her, uh... her grandma came over
from Sicily, so she...
she knew what she was doing.
Yeah, man. You know something...
if I close my eyes right now, I could...
I could see her.
I mean...
like, I see her.
It's always something simple,
you know. Like...
like, standing in the kitchen,
talking on the phone and...
and, uh...
if there was ever any music, like,
it could be coming from anywhere, she'd...
she'd just start moving to it, you know.
Boy, she could dance.
Sometimes she would, uh...
She'd catch me looking at her.
Man, I was...
I was done.
Yeah. I don't know, we were, uh...
we were
far from perfect, but...
when I remember her,
it's like all the shitty stuff,
it fades away, you know, it just...
When I think about her,
she's always got that smile, you know?
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
So, your friend, uh...
- Billy.
- Mmm.
- Yeah.
- He's, uh... he's serious, Frank.
He's a... you know,
private military contractor now.
Connected. Government contracts overseas.
This guy is...
I got the impression
that this is not a man
that's gonna reach out to you
unless he knows that you're alive.
No, he doesn't know.
He might suspect it, but he doesn't know.
You're not gonna call him?
We're Marines.
We can handle disappointment.
Maybe somebody else knows that
you're alive, and they're using Billy...
Something you need to understand.
I had two families, all right?
I had Maria, I had the kids,
and I had my unit.
I was a father and a husband,
but I was also a Marine.
And I loved being a Marine.
I loved that shit.
And look, I... There were times,
whether I wanna admit it or not,
but I would've rather been neck deep
in blood and bullets and shit
and be with my unit than with my kids.
That's something I gotta make peace with.
That's what that is.
But me and Billy Russo,
we served together, we did eight years.
He got my back, I got his back.
I don't know, you gotta admit
this is a hell of a coincidence.
Billy Russo is my family.
He's my family.
Yeah?
You were right.
Blood on the scene matches Castle's DNA.
Knew it.
Okay, so, you got Castle and Gunner
up there on that mountain, versus who?
Whoever doesn't want Kandahar to come out.
They're cleaning house.
CIA, the military.
Someone sent a death squad
up that mountain.
Shit, the resources to do that...
The sheer balls to do that.
If Castle survived...
he came off that mountain
bleeding like a stuck pig.
Yeah. We've gotta find him.
Now, where does one find
dead Marines these days?
Because he's not on Facebook or Tinder.
I checked.
Why'd you bail me out?
I figured that if you had to call me,
then you didn't want to call your dad.
And that meant there was no one else.
- And I wasn't about to abandon you.
- You wanted to help me?
- That's all I want, Lewis.
- Then why screw me over with Billy Russo?
Lewis, if you can't see going back
into a war zone
is about the worst thing that you can do,
then I did the right thing.
- Not your call.
- So what, you think I betrayed you?
Where... Where was O'Connor
when you got arrested?
Hmm? Did you try him?
Oh, he didn't come, did he?
I pulled his records.
He's not what you think he is.
And you know that silver star
he always talks about?
The story that goes with it?
He never served in Vietnam.
He didn't sign up till '77
and never saw a combat.
He's a fraud and a liar, Lewis.
He didn't serve, not like you.
And he's not worth your respect.
So... so why don't you stay?
- Hey, Lewis.
- What's going on, man?
Where you going?
This is a great place
for a romantic apology.
Or a mob hit. Whichever.
You know, I figured if I ever
got to have a clandestine affair,
there'd be a lot more
intriguing pillow talk
and a lot less freezing my balls off
on the waterfront.
And as this is clearly not an invitation
to make up sex,
I figure I'm just gonna stand here
and wait while you tell me what you want.
'Cause you do want something, right?
I want you to tell me about Frank Castle.
Why don't you tell me
what you know about Frank Castle?
Castle's alive.
Maybe you already knew that, maybe not.
I'm telling you I know it.
Am I lying?
No, I don't think you are.
You didn't know?
You strike me as a guy
who would have protected him
even if you did.
Well, if you're a liar,
you're one of the good ones.
- Why are you telling me this now?
- I need to bring Castle in.
If you already knew where he was,
I was gonna ask for your help.
As it is, if there's anyone
who can find him, it's probably you.
- Can you?
- Why would I?
I think he knows everything
about my Kandahar case.
- Okay. So how does that help him?
- Because I think he went after it himself.
And somebody left him half dead
on a mountain.
I think he's hurt, and he needs help.
The people he's up against...
He's gonna get himself killed, Billy.
Neither of us want that, right?
All right.
I'll shake the tree
and see what falls out.
I like this, by the way.
I like that you trusted me with this.
You're still not getting a key.
Hey, social worker...
I got a social disease.
You want some penicillin for that?
- How you doing? Good to see ya.
- What's up, man?
- You seen Frank?
- What?
You know... Frank Castle.
Our friend. Our dead friend.
You seen him recently?
I... I'm gonna need some help
with this, Billy.
What do you mean?
Have I been back to the cemetery?
Am I seeing ghosts or having flashbacks?
What are we talking about?
Frank's alive, man.
Sorry, I had to find out if you knew.
- And why do you think that?
- I can't tell you how I found out, but...
I found out, and now I gotta find him.
Of course, I was hoping
that you were lying to me this whole time.
If you were, at least I'd have a lead
on where to start.
I've been putting out the old unit call
on the radio.
Has he answered?
All right, I'm... I'm gonna tell you,
but on the down-low, all right?
I found out because
some government people know,
and they thought that maybe I knew, too.
They also said
that Frank is hurt pretty bad right now.
So...
if you've got any idea
where I should start...
So, you're... What?
You're gonna help them?
I'm gonna help Frank.
I could get him out of here, man.
Free and clear.
I failed him once before.
Now is my chance to make things right.
I lied for you again.
You did the right thing, Curt.
<span style= "style_2"
/>Blackbird to Raven, come in.
Every hour on the hour.
This guy's determined.
Come in, Raven.
Raven, this is Blackbird.
He said he wanted to help you.
That he could help you.
Blackbird to Raven.
Whatever he's offering,
if you ask me, you should take it.
Less people know I'm alive,
safer it is for them.
But what about you?
You don't look too safe.
You look like a guy that nearly got
his ass killed, and you know it.
And for what? Huh?
Raven, this is Blackbird.
- If I could just add something...
- You don't get an opinion.
Not in this conversation.
Come in, Raven.
So, what? I just keep lying for you?
Look, Curt, you...
you gotta do what you think is right.
I'd never ask you to do anything else.
Come in, Raven.
Raven, this is Blackbird.
Blackbird to Raven.
Blackbird calling Bower team.
Don't mention this place
- to anybody, okay, Curtis?
- Jesus Christ. Really?
Please, just keep it to yourself.
Raven, this is Blackbird.
You got some friends.
- Yeah.
- Raven, this is Blackbird.
You out there, Frankie?
Raven, this is Blackbird.
You trust this guy?
Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Blackbird to Raven. Come in.
Come in, Raven.
Then you should talk to him.
Come in, Raven. Raven, this is Blackbird.
Blackbird to Raven.
Blackbird to Raven. Blackbird to Raven.
You probably wanna use
one of those swing heads.
And we're gonna go after it.
I'm using a Pit Boss.
Ted, he's using a power worm,
and it's very natural looking.
We are using these Carolina rigs...
How was the pokey, kid?
Got yourself a new boyfriend?
Bet you want a beer.
Some things never change,
like the state of the NYPD.
I can tell you some stories.
They spit on us
when we came back from...
Yeah, when you came back from Texas.
Because I read your army records.
You... you never went to Vietnam.
You have my records?
Where'd you get my records from?
The Internet?
You know,
the Jews run the Internet.
What's the name of the air base
outside of Tam Ky?
Well, you could google it.
But if you were there, you would know.
It's Chu Lai.
- Chu Lai Air Base.
- Chu Lai.
How the hell am I supposed
to remember that? I'm an old man.
Look, if... if you don't like my stories...
No, they're not just stories!
You can't just do that.
- Get the hell out of my house.
- You goddamn liar.
Look who it is.
Back from the dead.
I'm so sorry.
- Hey, Bill.
- Hey.
You want a beer?
Hells yeah.
So...
You look like shit.
Can't all be as pretty as you, Bill.
How come you never reached out?
You know,
the less people knew I was alive,
the better it is for them.
Yeah, well, one of them works
for Homeland Security.
You know that, right?
Madani, huh? How do you know her?
My company, Anvil. I got a company now.
I heard.
It's... It's very impressive, Bill.
Bet you like to wear fancy suits,
don't you?
- Yes, I do.
- Yeah, you do.
Anyway, we did some
contracting work for them.
Training.
We got to talking.
She questioned me about you
because of our service together.
So you and her, you...
you guys got to talking, huh?
- Yes, we did.
- Yeah. I bet you did.
- You never change, huh?
- Lucky for you I don't.
I might've seen her naked
but she is hot for you, my man.
That is not a woman
you wanna take lightly.
- Yeah, I got that impression.
- Come on.
Tell me what she won't.
Look, Bill, what we...
What we were doing... with Cerberus,
it was... It was worse than you thought.
It was that snake, prick CIA Agent Orange.
It was him, Schoonover...
You remember that douchebag
from mortuary services, Colonel Bennett?
Little bald asshole, you remember him?
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
The three of them were selling heroin
out of Kandahar.
They were opening up US KIAs,
stuffing it inside, and sending it home.
What?
Gunner Henderson, he found out.
Tried to blow the whistle
on the whole thing.
- Well, Gunner's a good man.
- He's dead.
Killed him for it.
Shit.
Yeah.
So... what? You're just gonna
take them all on yourself?
How's that going for you so far?
Why don't you just
let Homeland do it, man?
Madani, she... she wants them
just as bad as you do.
- No.
- Hey.
You really think this is what Maria
would've wanted for you?
We didn't have a choice back then.
Now we do.
- What choice is that, Bill?
- I could get you a new passport. Social.
New identity.
Could get you out the country.
Put you overseas, doing what you do best.
Come work with me.
- Gonna put me in a fancy suit?
- You could wear whatever you like.
Let me get you out the city, Frankie.
I could have you on a boat tonight.
Your family is gone,
but you're still my brother.
And I know you.
I got you.
Hey, you're late.
You're actually a couple days late.
Um, dinner was hours ago,
and you weren't even invited.
I get it.
I understand why you're pissed.
You think maybe
I could just come in and explain?
Yeah, I'm... I'm very sorry, you know...
that I didn't make dinner.
I said I was gonna be here and I wasn't.
That's not like me.
I don't know
what is like you, Pete.
Fair enough.
I had an accident.
That's why I couldn't make it.
Wow, you seem to have a lot of accidents.
Yeah.
- Anyway, I'm up.
- So, it's fine.
You okay?
Yeah, yeah.
Things have... It's been a little much.
Yeah, I understand that.
- Kids asleep?
- Yeah. Yeah, it's late.
And yet, here I am...
letting you into my home.
Looking like that.
Yeah, you really ought to be more careful.
Ah... I trust you.
I don't know why. I...
It's funny how that works, huh?
I'm glad you do.
- Do you want a glass of wine?
- Uh, no. I'm all good.
- You sure? Really?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- I'm gonna have one.
- Okay.
Another one.
You, um...
- mind if I sit?
- Sure.
Well, here we are.
What is it they say? Misery loves company?
Rough day, huh?
Rough week.
Special, special week.
My boy is a bully, all of a sudden.
He hit his sister.
And she beats herself up
if she gets anything less than an A.
I mean, she's just so desperate
to control everything.
And I feel like... I feel like
I'm living with these two people...
who are hurting...
and I don't know how to stop that hurt.
And I feel...
I feel like we're all just bleeding out,
you know what I mean?
You know, those kids, they, uh...
You're probably gonna
wanna punch me in the mouth
for saying this, but...
things are gonna get better for you.
Have they gotten better for you?
For me? Yeah.
Yeah, look, I'm alone.
I've been alone so long,
I... I like it.
You know, I hide in it.
One thing I know
is that the only way out...
is to find something that you care about.
Those kids, they might drive you crazy.
They might...
They might make you completely batshit,
but...
they're the reason
you're gonna get through this.
Have you found something
to do that for you?
Uh...
maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
I think things are gonna get
a lot better for the Lieberman family.
I think they're gonna get
a lot better very soon.
How do you know?
Just a feeling.
I hope you're right.
He ain't coming.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org